improve example setup (#17)
DataDome/terraform-provider-datadome: .github/README.md

1. Build the provider.

> 2. Inside `Makefile`, uncomment the value of `OS_ARCH` inside Makefile depending on your OS.

Reviewer: From @lriberon comment on `OS_ARCH` computation, this comment can be adapted

1. Build the provider.

> 2. Install it (you may need to change the value of `OS_ARCH` inside Makefile).

Reviewer 2: Can you list the main values to use? (I guess it can be something like `linux_amd64`, `darwin_amd64` and `win_amd64`?)

Author: @darahak-datadome : I have changed the README to add a step. The main values you listed are set as comments inside the Makefile so that we only have to uncomment the value we want to use.

$ cd examples
```

> 4. Inside `main.tf`, set your Management API Key that you can find in [your dashboard](https://app.datadome.co/dashboard/management/integrations). If you don't have one, you can generate it.

Reviewer 3: Could you update this "you can generate it", please contact DataDome support to have one generated" (or something like this). It is not opened by default. (Don't ask me why :D)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Inside `main.tf`, set your Management API Key that you can find in [your dashboard](https://app.datadome.co/dashboard/management/integrations). If you don't have one, please contact DataDome support to generate one.
```

Reviewer 4: Should we specify it to the [public documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/DataDome/datadome/latest/docs#optional) too?

> $ tfenv use 1.3.3

Reviewer 4: For which reasons do we have to do the `tfenv` stuff above?

I test with the sample configuration on the `darwin_arm64` architecture and every terraform command worked as expected.

Author: I was not able to reproduce the configuration issue I previously had with my new M1 so I guess it was fixed on Terraform's side. I removed the instructions from the README to avoid confusion.

```

7. Terraform will ask you if you want to perform these actions: enter yes.

8. Congrats! You created a new custom rule that you can see in your dashboard.

## Make a release

> 1. On the main branch, create a tag with the version number, starting with `v`.

Reviewer: Is the 'v' a requirement for terraform ?
In our internal guidelines we agreed to remove it.

Reviewer 3: +1 👍 💯
